or welcome or welcome to have a
Healthy hair makes us look beautiful in
any time but if we notice that it has
lost its shine we must revitalize what
immediately next we will see
How to moisturize hair naturally
to hydrate our hair to the fullest
we must also take care of our organism
so that beauty is natural
internal way we can carry a
balanced diet drink a lot
minimum natural water 2 liters per day
eat fruits vegetables protein and
nutrients that contain vitamin B as
blue fish wholegrain cereals
fibers nuts eggs and liver consume
legumes nuts and oils
vitamin vegetables such as olive
externally we can moisturize
our hair taking a supplement
vitamin b12 to fortify our
hair applying masks
moisturizing regenerators and treatments
cosmetics that give more strength and
Prevent breakage by using the shampoo and
conditioner suitable for not
to provide maximum hydration to
Our hair is convenient to use
moisturizing masks that enter the
strand the hair and neutral them from the
moisturizing and nourishing root mask a
base of natural oils oil
almonds olive oil
safflower sunflower oil and oil
preparation peanut mix one
spoonful of all these oils and
take it to the fire until it is visible
steam once cool should be applied
on the hair and scalp giving
soft massages finally you have to
place a plastic cap for a
within 15 minutes after all
this process is necessary to rinse and
wash your hair regularly
do it three times a week you will achieve
get a healthy and well hydrated hair
care mask of coconut cream
rub a little coconut cream on your
hands and massage in your hair wraps
your hair with a warm towel and
allows the mask to act for a
hour then rinse well with a shampoo
soft mask based on
mix two whole eggs with two
tablespoons of water applied to the hair
freshly washed massaging it gently
let the treatment take effect
10 to 15 minutes and then rinse you the
hair and wash it with a moisturizing shampoo
banana mask mixes the mashed
one banana one whole egg three
tablespoons of honey three tablespoons of
milk and five tablespoons of oil
Olive applies the mixture to your hair and
let it act on your hair for 15 or 30
minutes then rinse your hair
Carefully with a mild shampoo
yoghurt-based mask whisk the clear
of an egg to the point of snow and mix it
with 6 tablespoons of natural yogurt applies
this mask in your hair and leave it
act for 20 minutes then rinse the
Hair carefully washes with a shampoo
humectant
if you want to know more treatments for
the hair visits the link that is in
the description do not forget to like
to the video and subscribe to our channel
until the next